March 4, 2025 release notes (#9131)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/release_notes/2025/3_4_25.md

Identical content that's shared across multiple SDKs are starting to be merged together using the docs site's new SDK tabbing feature. This month [SDK integration]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_integration/), [SDK initialization]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_initialization/), and [Content Cards]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/content_cards/) were combined. Stay tuned for more updates in the coming months.

## Data flexibility
 
### Braze IDs for user profiles

A user profile now includes a [Braze ID]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/user_profiles#user-profiles). You can use this when searching for user profiles.

### Deferrals

Braze has updated our definition for what is a soft bounce and is sending a new event called [deferrals]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/reporting_and_analytics/email_reporting#email-performance), which is when an email was not immediately delivered, but Braze will retry the email for up to 72 hours after this temporary delivery failure to maximize the chances of successful delivery before attempts for that specific campaign are stopped.

### Snowflake entity relationships
 

> We've mapped the [raw table schemas](https://www.braze.com/docs/assets/download_file/data-sharing-raw-table-schemas.txt) for Snowflake and Braze entity relationships to a new [user-friendly docs page](https://www.braze.com/docs/partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/data_warehouses/snowflake/entity_relationships). It includes a breakdown of the `USER_MESSAGES` tables belonging to each channel, as well as descriptions for each table's primary, foreign, and native keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've mapped the [raw table schemas]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/download_file/data-sharing-raw-table-schemas.txt) for Snowflake and Braze entity relationships to a new [user-friendly docs page]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/data_warehouses/snowflake/entity_relationships). It includes a breakdown of the `USER_MESSAGES` tables belonging to each channel, as well as descriptions for each table's primary, foreign, and native keys.
```

 
## Unlocking creativity

### Liquid tutorials

Added three [Liquid tutorials]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/operators/#tutorials) about how to use operators in different scenarios:

Choose message with an integer custom attribute

![ALT_TEXT]()

Choose message with a string custom attribute

![ALT_TEXT]()

Abort message based on location

![ALT_TEXT]()

> ### Context Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Context steps for Canvas
```

When setting up a Delay step in your Canvas user journey, you can now create a delay up to 2 years.

### Reverting automatic synchronization

When [composing an email message]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/html_editor/creating_an_email_campaign/#step-3-compose-your-email), you can revert to automatic synchronization in the Plaintext tab by selecting the Regenerate from HTML icon, which only appears if the plaintext isn’t synchronizing.

![ALT_TEXT]()
 
## Robust channels

### Android Live Updates

Although Live Updates won’t be officially available until 
[Android 16](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2025/01/first-beta-android16.html), our [Live Updates for Android]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platforms/android/live_updates) page shows you how to emulate their behavior, so you can display interactive lock-screen notifications similar to [Live Activities for the Swift Braze SDK]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platforms/swift/live_activities). Unlike official Live Updates, this functionality can be implemented for older Android versions.

> ### Copy campaign feature flags across workspaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Copying campaigns with feature flags across workspaces
```

### New WhatsApp message types supported

WhatsApp messages now support [video, audio, and document outbound messages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/whatsapp_campaign/create#outbound-messages). Contact your Braze account manager if you're interested in participating in the early access.

### Right-to-left messages

[Creating right-to-left messages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/ideas_and_strategies/localizing_a_campaign/right_to_left_messages) covers best practices for crafting messages in languages that read right-to-left so that your messages display accurately as much as possible.
 
## AI and ML automation
 
### Item recommendations

[Using item recommendations in messaging]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/recommendations/using_recommendations) covers the `product_recommendation` Liquid object and includes a tutorial to help you put that knowledge into practice.

> ## Developer Guide detangle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Developer Guide detangle
```
I think it's worthwhile to bump this up as the first H2 in the article :)

Identical content that's shared across multiple SDKs are starting to be merged together using the docs site's new SDK tabbing feature. This month [SDK integration]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_integration/), [SDK initialization]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/sdk_initialization/), and [Content Cards]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/content_cards/) were combined. Stay tuned for more updates in the coming months.

## New Braze partnerships
 

> ### Email Love

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Email Love - Channel Extensions
```

> [Email Love]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/email_templates) is a Figma plugin that empowers you to design and export responsive and accessible HTML emails directly from Figma. Email Love’s Export to Braze feature uses the Braze API to seamlessly upload your email templates to Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Braze and [Email Love]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_orchestration/channel_extensions/email_templates) partnership leverages Email Love’s Export to Braze feature and the Braze API to upload your email templates to Braze seamlessly.
```

> ### VWO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### VWO - A/B Testing
```

> [VWO](https://vwo.com/) is a powerful experimentation platform that helps brands enhance key business metrics by enabling teams to run conversion optimization programs backed by customer behavior data. To get started, see [Integrating VWO with Braze]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/ab_testing/vwo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Braze and [VWO]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/ab_testing/vwo) integration allows you to leverage VWO experiment data to create targeted segments and deliver personalized campaigns.
```
